The purpose of this thoerem is to create a pattern that has to be respected, from a mathematical point of view, in order to get Long Range collisions only in some specific slots.

Theorem:
Given two beams, the first only with N conscutive bunches and the second one with M bunches, which positions are set in order that their first particel is symmetric with respect to the slot where all the collisions happen. There will be N-M+1 slots where it happens at least one collision in the semicircle where all the N bunches stood before the collision (either Head on and long range).

DIM: (P.I.)
In the demonstration, the choices of 0 as position of collisions and to fix N bunches at sx of 0 with respect to fix the ones at dx, are done for sake of semplicity but the position of the collisions can be shifted and we could fix the particles at dx of 0.

1)So, for semplicity, we fix the number of bunches at sx of 0, Nb at sx (then all empty slots) and 1 beam at dx of 0 for the two beams, respectivly. From construction it's trivial that there will be N (N-1+1) slots where it happens at least 1 collision, the one Head on in slot 0 all the other long range at sx of slot 0 (for notation this N slots where it happens at least 1 collision we will call them as full slots and the ones where didn't happen empty slots). In order to get easier the following steps, now we consider the case of N bunches at sx of 0 and 2 at dx. The 2° bunch of the 2° beam will collide with all the N bunches of the other beam but with one time in delay with respect to the 1° bunch of its own beam (12,5 ns later). It's like we had a vector for the collisions with the 1° bunch of the 2° beam and the collisions with the 2° bunch is the same vector but shifted by one slot. So in this case we will have N+1 collisions: the Head on in 0,and for the Long range N-1 at sx of 0 and one at dx.

2) If we had N bunches for the 1° beam and M for the 2° beam, and I supppose to have N-M+1 full slots in total, now if I add another bunch at the end of the queue of the M bunches for the 2° beam I will have that this last will collide with N bunches of the 1° beam but with one slot shifted with respect to the vector of collisions for M° bunch of the second beam, so with respect to the case Nb & Mb now we will have N-M full slots.

Trying to get this theorem in a practical situation, considering that in the LHC (in order to maximize the collisions in ATLAS/CMS) we have that the disposition of the two beams will be the same and symmetric with respect to the origin. 
We can consider the two beams both as one NbMe at sx and dx of the origin, before we had  already this empty slots but now we are considering them in the model, so the collisions are the same as before but now the particles will meet also the empty slots. As before the first that runs into all the M empty spaces will be the 1° bunch, that from the (N)° slot will meet M times empty slots (considering also the N° slot), instead the 2° will have the same collisions but with one slot of delay, but in this case we cannot see this delay because in the (N-1)° slot there has already been a collision by the 1° bunch, so nothing changed in the slots. As result of the cas of one NbMe at sx and dx of the origin we will have empty slots in these intervalrs [-M-N+1,-N+1],[N-1,M+N-1] and full ones in [-N+1,N-1], all this structure is repeated around IP5 for symmetry.
At the end considering the two beams as NbMe repeated consequently until the end of the space. In this case we have that after the collisions of Nb and Me at dx (is arbitrary) of the origin, there will be another collision with Nb in the M-N° slot at dx of 0, and I know that the theorem is valid also in this point because the symmetric hypothesis are respected, so we will have N-1 full slots at dx and sx of (M-N)° slot. So eventually we will have, considering all symmetric at sx of 0, full slots in the intervals [0,N-1] and [M+1,M+2N-1], instead empty slots between [N,M] and then this pattern repeats continuously until all the space available is filled.
